==========
What's New
==========

0.18 (2014-02-11)
==================

* Implements ``--no-warc-digests``, ``--warc-cdx``.
* Improvements on reducing CPU usage consumption.
* API: Engine and Processor interaction refactored to be asynchronous.

  * The Engine and Processor classes were modified significantly.
  * The Engine no longer is concerned with fetching requests.
  * Requests are handled within Processors. This will benefit future Processors to allow them to make arbitrary requests during processing.
  * The ``RedirectTracker`` was moved to a new ``web`` module.
  * A ``RichClient`` is implemented. It handles robots.txt, cookies, and redirect concerns.
  * ``WARCRecord`` was moved into a new ``warc`` module.


0.17.3 (2014-02-07)
===================

* Fixes ca-bundle file missing during install.
* Fixes AttributeError on ``retry_dns_error``.


0.17.2 (2014-02-06)
===================

* Another attempt to possibly fix #27.
* Implements cleaning inactive connections from the connection pool.


0.17.1 (2014-02-05)
===================

* Another attempt to possibly fix #27.
* API: Refactored ``ConnectionPool``. It now calls ``put`` on ``HostConnectionPool`` to avoid sharing a queue.


0.17 (2014-02-05)
=================

* Implements cookie support.
* Fixes non-recursive downloads where robots.txt was checked unnecessarily.
* Possibly fix issue #27 where HTTP workers get stuck.


0.16.1 (2014-02-05)
===================

* Adds some documentation about stopping Wpull and a list of all options.
* API: ``Builder`` now exposes ``Factory``.
* API: ``WebProcessorSession`` was refactored to not pass arguments through the initializer. It also now uses ``DemuxDocumentScraper`` and ``DemuxURLFilter``.


0.16 (2014-02-04)
=================

* Implements all the SSL options: ``--certificate``, ``--random-file``, ``--egd-file``, ``--secure-protocol``.
* Further improvement on database performance.


0.15.2 (2014-02-03)
===================

* Improves database performance on reducing CPU usage.


0.15.1 (2014-02-03)
===================

* Improves database performance on reducing disk reading.


0.15 (2014-02-02)
=================

* Fixes robots.txt being fetched for every request.
* Scripts: Supports ``replace`` as part of ``get_urls()``.
* Schema change: The database URL strings are normalized into a separate table. Using ``--database`` should now consume less disk space.


0.14.1 (2014-02-02)
===================

* NameValueRecord now supports a ``normalize_override`` argument to how specific keys are cased instead of the default title-case.
* Fixes WARC file's field names to match the same cases as hanzo's warc-tools. warc-tools does not support case-insensitivity as required by the WARC specification in section 4. The WARC files generated by Wpull are conformant however.


0.14 (2014-02-01)
=================

* Database change: SQLAlchemy is now used for the URL Table.

  * Scripts: ``url_info['inline']`` now returns a boolean, not an integer.

* Implements ``--post-data`` and ``--post-file``.
* Scripts can now return ``post_data`` and ``link_type`` as part of ``get_urls()``.


0.13 (2014-01-31)
=================

* Supports reading HTTP responses with gzip content type.


0.12 (2014-01-31)
=================

* No changes to program usage itself.
* More documentation.
* Major API changes due to refactoring:

  * ``http.Body`` moved to ``conversation.Body``
  * ``document.HTTPScraper``, ``document.CSSScraper`` moved to ``scraper`` module.
  * ``conversation`` module now contains base classes for protocol elements.
  * ``processor.WebProcessorSession`` now uses keyword arguments
  * ``engine.Engine`` requires ``Statistics`` argument.


0.11 (2014-01-29)
=================

* Implements ``--progress`` which includes a progress bar indicator.
* Bumps up the HTTP connection buffer size to support fast connections.


0.10.9 (2014-01-28)
===================

* Adds documentation. No program changes.


0.10.8 (2014-01-26)
===================

* Improves robustness against bad HTTP protocol messages.
* Fixes various URL and IRI handling issues.
* Fixes ``--input-file`` to work as expected.
* Fixes command line arguments not working under Python 2.


0.10 (2014-01-23)
=================

* Improves handling on URLs and document encodings.
* Implements ``--ascii-print``.
* Fixes Lua scripting conversion of Python to Lua object types.


0.9 (2014-01-21)
================

* Adds basic SSL options.


0.8 (2014-01-21)
================

* Supports Python and Lua scripting via ``--python-script`` and
  ``--lua-script``.


0.7 (2014-01-18)
================

* Fixes robots.txt support.


0.6 (2014-01-17)
================

* Implements ``--warc-append``, ``--concurrent``.
* ``--read-timeout`` default is 900 seconds.


0.5 (2014-01-17)
================

* Implements ``--no-http-keepalive``, ``--rotate-dns``.
* Adds basic support for HTTPS.


0.4 (2014-01-15)
================

* Implements ``--continue``, ``--no-clobber``, ``--timestamping``.


0.3.2 (2014-01-07)
==================

* Fixes database rows not saved correctly.


0.3 (2014-01-07)
================

* Implements ``--hostnames`` and ``--exclude-hostnames``.


0.2 (2014-01-06)
================

* Implements ``--header`` option.
* Various 3to2 bug fixes.


0.1 (2014-01-05)
================

* The first usable release.



